docs/source/setup/installation/include/src_build_isaaclab.rst, before:

Installation
~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  Install dependencies using ``apt`` (on Linux only):

   .. code:: bash

      # these dependency are needed by robomimic which is not available on Windows
      sudo apt install cmake build-essential

-  Run the install command that iterates over all the extensions in ``source`` directory and installs them
   using pip (with ``--editable`` flag):

   .. tab-set::
      :sync-group: os

      .. tab-item:: :icon:`fa-brands fa-linux` Linux
         :sync: linux

         .. code:: bash

            ./isaaclab.sh --install # or "./isaaclab.sh -i"

      .. tab-item:: :icon:`fa-brands fa-windows` Windows
         :sync: windows

         .. code:: batch

            isaaclab.bat --install :: or "isaaclab.bat -i"


   By default, the above will install **all** the learning frameworks. These include
   ``rl_games``, ``rsl_rl``, ``sb3``, ``skrl``, ``robomimic``.

   If you want to install only a specific framework, you can pass the name of the framework
   as an argument. For example, to install only the ``rl_games`` framework, you can run:

   .. tab-set::
      :sync-group: os

      .. tab-item:: :icon:`fa-brands fa-linux` Linux
         :sync: linux

         .. code:: bash

            ./isaaclab.sh --install rl_games  # or "./isaaclab.sh -i rl_games"

      .. tab-item:: :icon:`fa-brands fa-windows` Windows
         :sync: windows

         .. code:: batch

            isaaclab.bat --install rl_games :: or "isaaclab.bat -i rl_games"

   The valid options are ``all``, ``rl_games``, ``rsl_rl``, ``sb3``, ``skrl``, ``robomimic``,
   and ``none``. If ``none`` is passed, then no learning frameworks will be installed.

Commit message:

Updates documentation for spark installation (#4733)
# Description

imgui doesn't provide prebuilt packages for ARM, so we need to install
additional libraries to build it during installation.

Also updates some outdated links in docs.

## Type of change

- Documentation update

## Checklist

- [x] I have read and understood the [contribution
guidelines](https://isaac-sim.github.io/IsaacLab/main/source/refs/contributing.html)
- [x] I have run the [`pre-commit` checks](https://pre-commit.com/) with
`./isaaclab.sh --format`
- [x] I have made corresponding changes to the documentation
- [x] My changes generate no new warnings
- [ ] I have added tests that prove my fix is effective or that my
feature works
- [ ] I have updated the changelog and the corresponding version in the
extension's `config/extension.toml` file
- [ ] I have added my name to the `CONTRIBUTORS.md` or my name already
exists there

<!--
As you go through the checklist above, you can mark something as done by
putting an x character in it

For example,
- [x] I have done this task
- [ ] I have not done this task
-->

---------

Signed-off-by: Kelly Guo <kellyg@nvidia.com>

docs/source/setup/installation/include/src_build_isaaclab.rst, after:

Installation
~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  Install dependencies using ``apt`` (on Linux only):

   .. code:: bash

      # these dependency are needed by robomimic which is not available on Windows
      sudo apt install cmake build-essential

   On **aarch64** systems (e.g., DGX Spark), OpenGL and X11 development packages are also required.
   The ``imgui-bundle`` dependency does not provide a pre-built wheel for aarch64 and must be
   compiled from source, which needs these headers and libraries:

   .. code:: bash

      sudo apt install libgl1-mesa-dev libx11-dev libxcursor-dev libxi-dev libxinerama-dev libxrandr-dev

-  Run the install command that iterates over all the extensions in ``source`` directory and installs them
   using pip (with ``--editable`` flag):

   .. tab-set::
      :sync-group: os

      .. tab-item:: :icon:`fa-brands fa-linux` Linux
         :sync: linux

         .. code:: bash

            ./isaaclab.sh --install # or "./isaaclab.sh -i"

      .. tab-item:: :icon:`fa-brands fa-windows` Windows
         :sync: windows

         .. code:: batch

            isaaclab.bat --install :: or "isaaclab.bat -i"


   By default, the above will install **all** the learning frameworks. These include
   ``rl_games``, ``rsl_rl``, ``sb3``, ``skrl``, ``robomimic``.

   If you want to install only a specific framework, you can pass the name of the framework
   as an argument. For example, to install only the ``rl_games`` framework, you can run:

   .. tab-set::
      :sync-group: os

      .. tab-item:: :icon:`fa-brands fa-linux` Linux
         :sync: linux

         .. code:: bash

            ./isaaclab.sh --install rl_games  # or "./isaaclab.sh -i rl_games"

      .. tab-item:: :icon:`fa-brands fa-windows` Windows
         :sync: windows

         .. code:: batch

            isaaclab.bat --install rl_games :: or "isaaclab.bat -i rl_games"

   The valid options are ``all``, ``rl_games``, ``rsl_rl``, ``sb3``, ``skrl``, ``robomimic``,
   and ``none``. If ``none`` is passed, then no learning frameworks will be installed.
