docs/source/api/index.rst, before:

API Reference
=============

This page gives an overview of all the modules and classes in the Isaac Lab extensions.

isaaclab extension
------------------

The following modules are available in the ``isaaclab`` extension:

.. currentmodule:: isaaclab

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: lab

   app
   actuators
   assets
   controllers
   devices
   envs
   managers
   markers
   scene
   sensors
   sim
   terrains
   utils

.. toctree::
   :hidden:

   lab/isaaclab.envs.mdp
   lab/isaaclab.envs.ui
   lab/isaaclab.sensors.patterns
   lab/isaaclab.sim.converters
   lab/isaaclab.sim.schemas
   lab/isaaclab.sim.spawners
   lab/isaaclab.sim.views
   lab/isaaclab.sim.utils


isaaclab_rl extension
---------------------

The following wrappers are available in the ``isaaclab_rl`` extension:

.. currentmodule:: isaaclab_rl

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   lab_rl/isaaclab_rl


isaaclab_mimic extension
------------------------

The following modules are available in the ``isaaclab_mimic`` extension:

.. currentmodule:: isaaclab_mimic

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: lab_mimic

   datagen
   envs

isaaclab_contrib extension
-----------------------------

The following modules are available in the ``isaaclab_contrib`` extension:

.. currentmodule:: isaaclab_contrib

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: lab_contrib

   actuators
   assets
   mdp
   rl
   sensors

isaaclab_tasks extension
------------------------

This package ``isaaclab_tasks`` contains the tasks that are available in the Isaac Lab.
For more information, please refer to the :ref:`environments`.

It includes the following modules:

.. currentmodule:: isaaclab_tasks

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: lab_tasks

   utils

isaaclab_physx extension
------------------------

The following modules are available in the ``isaaclab_physx`` extension:

.. currentmodule:: isaaclab_physx

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: lab_physx

   assets

.. toctree::
   :hidden:

   lab_physx/isaaclab_physx.assets

Commit message:

Adds support for IsaacTeleop and refactors/deprecates existing XR classes (#4605)
# Description
Adds new isaaclab_teleop extension providing IsaacTeleopDevice, a
unified teleoperation device wrapping IsaacTeleop's pipeline-based
retargeting engine, OpenXR session lifecycle, XR anchor synchronization,
and action-tensor generation behind a context-manager interface.
Deprecates OpenXRDevice, OpenXRDeviceCfg, RetargeterBase, and
RetargeterCfg in isaaclab.devices in favor of
isaaclab_teleop.IsaacTeleopDevice / IsaacTeleopCfg.
Updates teleop_se3_agent.py and record_demos.py to auto-detect
env_cfg.isaac_teleop and use the IsaacTeleop stack, with full backward
compatibility for the native teleop stack.

## Type of change

- New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)

## Checklist

- [x] I have read and understood the [contribution
guidelines](https://isaac-sim.github.io/IsaacLab/main/source/refs/contributing.html)
- [x] I have run the [`pre-commit` checks](https://pre-commit.com/) with
`./isaaclab.sh --format`
- [x] I have made corresponding changes to the documentation
- [x] My changes generate no new warnings
- [x] I have added tests that prove my fix is effective or that my
feature works
- [x] I have updated the changelog and the corresponding version in the
extension's `config/extension.toml` file
- [x] I have added my name to the `CONTRIBUTORS.md` or my name already
exists there

---------

Co-authored-by: Kelly Guo <kellyg@nvidia.com>

docs/source/api/index.rst, after:

API Reference
=============

This page gives an overview of all the modules and classes in the Isaac Lab extensions.

isaaclab extension
------------------

The following modules are available in the ``isaaclab`` extension:

.. currentmodule:: isaaclab

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: lab

   app
   actuators
   assets
   controllers
   devices
   envs
   managers
   markers
   scene
   sensors
   sim
   terrains
   utils

.. toctree::
   :hidden:

   lab/isaaclab.envs.mdp
   lab/isaaclab.envs.ui
   lab/isaaclab.sensors.patterns
   lab/isaaclab.sim.converters
   lab/isaaclab.sim.schemas
   lab/isaaclab.sim.spawners
   lab/isaaclab.sim.views
   lab/isaaclab.sim.utils


isaaclab_rl extension
---------------------

The following wrappers are available in the ``isaaclab_rl`` extension:

.. currentmodule:: isaaclab_rl

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   lab_rl/isaaclab_rl


isaaclab_mimic extension
------------------------

The following modules are available in the ``isaaclab_mimic`` extension:

.. currentmodule:: isaaclab_mimic

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: lab_mimic

   datagen
   envs

isaaclab_contrib extension
-----------------------------

The following modules are available in the ``isaaclab_contrib`` extension:

.. currentmodule:: isaaclab_contrib

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: lab_contrib

   actuators
   assets
   mdp
   rl
   sensors

isaaclab_tasks extension
------------------------

This package ``isaaclab_tasks`` contains the tasks that are available in the Isaac Lab.
For more information, please refer to the :ref:`environments`.

It includes the following modules:

.. currentmodule:: isaaclab_tasks

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: lab_tasks

   utils

isaaclab_teleop extension
-------------------------

The following modules are available in the ``isaaclab_teleop`` extension:

.. currentmodule:: isaaclab_teleop

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   lab_teleop/isaaclab_teleop

isaaclab_physx extension
------------------------

The following modules are available in the ``isaaclab_physx`` extension:

.. currentmodule:: isaaclab_physx

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: lab_physx

   assets

.. toctree::
   :hidden:

   lab_physx/isaaclab_physx.assets
